C# and OPPs and EF
What are the advantages of OOPS?
1.Reuse of code using inheritance.
2.Flexibility of code using polymorphism.
3.Secure application by using Encapsulation.
4.Easily scalable from small to large applications.
5.Easier troubleshooting of code because of modularity.

Is it possible to prevent object creation of a class in C#?
Object creation of a class can be prevented by:
1.Abstract Class
2.Private Class
3.Static Class

What is Inheritance? When to use Inheritance?
Inheritance is creating a PARENT-CHILD relationship between two classes, where child class will automatically get the properties and methods of the parent.
Inheritance is good for: REUSABILITY and ABSTRACTION of code

How to prevent a class from being Inherited?
By using SEALED keyword in class
By using STATIC keyword in base class
What is Difference between sealed & static class?
Difference between sealed & static is, you can create the object of sealed class, but you cannot create the object of static class.

What is the difference between Abstraction and Encapsulation?

If two methods are same except return type, then methods are overloaded or what will happen?
No, this will show compile time error.

What is the use of Overriding? When should I override the method in real applications?

Do abstract class have Constructors in C#?
YES, Abstract class can have constructors
The reason is, when the abstract class is inherited in the derived class, and whenever the object of the derived class is created then FIRST the constructor of the abstract/ base class will be called and then only the constructor of derived class will be called.
Can Abstract class be Sealed or Static in C#?
NO. Abstract class are used for inheritance, but sealed and static both will not allow the class to be inherited.

What is the difference between “throw ex” and “throw”? Which one to use in real applications?

Explain Generics in C#? When and why to use them in real applications?
Generics allows us to make classes and methods - type independent or type safe.
The problem is, it involves Boxing from converting string (value) to object (reference) type. This will impact the performance.

What isIEnumerable and IQuerable in C#?

What are Extension Methods in C#? When to use extension methods in real applications
USE - Use them when you want to add a method in a class which code you don’t have.

What are Delegates in C#? When to use delegates in real applications?
When to use delegate?
When we need to pass a method as a parameter.

What are the differences between Events and Delegates?
The event is a notification mechanism that depends on delegates
An event is dependent on a delegate and cannot be created without delegates.
Event is like a wrapper over the delegate to improve its security.

What is the difference between “Readonly” and “Constant” variables
1.Using constant, we must assign values with declaration itself. But readonly fields can be assigned in declaration as well as in the constructor part.
2.Constant field value cannot be changed, but Readonly field value can be changed.
3.“const” keyword for Constant and “readonly” keyword is used for Readonly.
4.Constant is a COMPILE time constant, and ReadOnly is a RUNTIME constant.

What is LINQ? When to use LINQ in real applications?
What is the difference between First and FirstOrDefault methods in LINQ?

What is the difference between “Dispose” and “Finalize”?

What are the different return types of action method in controller    -----  5,
What are Filters and their types in MVC
What are the types of Authentication in ASP.NET MVC
What is Routing in MVC
What are Areas in MVC?
What is Bundling and Minification in MVC?

What is a Constraint in SQL? What are the types of constraints
What is the difference between Primary key and Unique key
What are Triggers and types of triggers?
What are Joins in SQL?
What are Indexes in SQL Server
What is the difference between Stored Procedure and Functions
How to optimize a Stored Procedure or SQL Query
What is the difference between scope_identity and @@identity?
What is CTE in SQL Server?
What are Magic Tables in SQL Server?

1. What is abstartion and encapsulation explain both with real time example
2. What is ploymarphsim what is real use in your project.
3. what is abstract class and interface. In which sceniro you will use abstarct class and interface.
4. can we create the object of abstarct class if yes than how and if no than why?
5. What is generic in C# and where you use of generic in your pevoius project.
6. Write a code to find the no of occurenc of a charactor in a string.
7. what is use of using in C#.
8. How GC decide which object is in used and which object need to distory.
9. What is deligate and event. explain with the help of example.
10. What is SOLID principle.
11. What is design patern.
12. Explain Liskope subsututed and DIP with help of example. (One senario based question on solid principle)
13. Write the code to impement the signleton design patern.
14. what is entity framwork write a code to find employee data from database based on employee id.
15. what is step that is followed to create a table in database using model use code 1st approch.
SQL Question
1. What is difference between Stored procedure and function and how to handle the errro in Stored procedure.
2. What is temp table and how many type of temp table.
3. What is CTE and what diff. between temp table and CTE.
4. Write a query and explain it to find the 5th highest salary.
5. Write a query to find the Manager of a employe on given table.

Angular and dot net core.
1. What is middleware and how it different from MVC filter.
2. How to use dependency injection in dot net core app.
3. what is life span of service object (AddSingleton, AddScoped, AddTransit)
4. What is use(), map(), run() method.
5. How to pass data in angular.
6. how to consume the web api in your angular app.
7. explain about JWT token how to use in login.
8. what is obserble and promise and what is diff between them.
9. what is view incapsulation.